# Assignment 01: Heuristic Evaluation
## DH110, JACQUELINE "JACKIE" VO

Project Description: 
This spring quarter's focus in the user interface and design course is focusing on the senior age group. In the pre-class survey, we were asked to view websites that may be of use to the older generation and how the layout may or may not help them naviagate. Since COVID-19 has put much of us in quarantine, I decided to look into instructional websites regarding arts and crafts. My project is meant to be exist at the intersection of craft and digital works to help bridge the older generation with modern technology. Through a series of assignemnts, I will relay the positive effects of technology and find ways to make information more accessible. Inclusive spaces will overlook people of different ages and even technological abilities. 
I will be examining wikiHow because of their virtually automatic appearance on the web; wikihow has created instructions for a variety of topics. Aside from examining the home page of wikiHow, I will also be speficially examining their page on how to make a pop up card. Since we are expected to eventually produce something physicial, I felt that cards right now have developed in more creative regards. Using online instructions, seniors would be able to make a card and use what they know (traditional mailing) to reach loved ones from a safe distance. In order to get to this point, websites need to undergo improvements to make the process as easy as possible.
